Remove Automated CI Check Language from CONTRIBUTING.md (#11795)
anza-xyz/agave: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Draft Pull Requests

Consider opening all PRs as Draft Pull Requests first. Using a draft PR
allows you to review the changes, write a detailed problem description
and explain your solution. For community pull requests, reviewers are

> automatically be added. You should see the community-pr-subscribers added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and explain your solution. For community pull requests, reviewers are
added automatically. You should see the community-pr-subscribers added
```

> as a reviewer.

Reviewer 2: > You should see the community-pr-subscribers added as a reviewer.

I don't believe this to be true for non Anza org members. Opening a miscellaneous PR with the `community` label in a browser where I'm not signed into my GH account, I don't see the specific team mentioned but do see this:

<img width="462" height="90" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72b54b57-2a23-429e-9ac4-bf4462e673f0" />

Author: Doesn't that add community-pr-subscribers? or what does it add?

Reviewer 2: > Doesn't that add community-pr-subscribers?

Yes, but my point is that the team name may only be visible to people in the Anza org

Author: Isn't it there on the reviewers list?

Reviewer 2: > Isn't it there on the reviewers list?

Did you try my suggestion below

> in a browser where I'm not signed into my GH account

Like I said, opening a random one up in private/incognito window:

<img width="1222" height="905" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b13aa3cf-0907-430c-ac41-567dcd22406e" />

Once the description is written and you have passed the local CI checks
described above, click the "Ready to Review" button. Someone from the Anza

> team will review the pull request and add the CI label to trigger CI if

Reviewer 2: As you & Alex already discussed, the audience of this doc should be general to Anza members (who can run CI) and external contributors (who need someone to initiate CI for them).

How about adding a new section `### External Contributors` that covers the specifics for externals instead of interleaving Anza & external notes together in the same paragraphs ?

Author: I can, but that seems like a bigger change than the initial targeted bugfix: There were first time contributors to the accounts_db with a useful bugfix who left their PR in draft state, waiting for someone to run CI for them.

Author: If its' just contained to this section, that's ok (Draft Pull Requests) but I'm not sure if would require other sections as well (eg: ### When will my PR be reviewed?)

Reviewer 2: Thinking on the flow a bit more, I feel like external contributors should probably not be using draft PR's at all. I feel like draft PR's are a bit of an optimization to get CI rolling while you fill out the PR description.

Externals contributors can't run CI on their own; they need someone from Anza to review it. In order for someone from Anza to review it, they should have the PR description filled out. So, there isn't much benefit to an external creating a draft PR.

Thinking on it more, I think this has also been a source of confusion for reviewers too. Ie, I think I have heard at least once from an Anza member that they saw a draft review from external and skipped since it was draft.

Reviewer: Drafts are still great to "mark the territory" - hey I'm working on this.

Author: I think they are also useful for self reviews. IE: Let's get a draft up so I can review it and work on the pull request message etc... 

I realize there are other tools for that, but they don't feel as formal

Reviewer 2: > Drafts are still great to "mark the territory" - hey I'm working on this.

Speaking for externals, I think GH issues are better for this. If the PR is in response to a GH issue, stating "I'd like to work on this" is better than posting a half-baked PR that notifies people and results in the "lose reviewer engagement" aspect that is covered

> let's get a draft up so I can review it and work on the pull request message etc

This is explicitly covered/suggested for Anza members. Ie, get CI started while you draft the message. Similarly, posting a draft to get an ack on direction seems reasonable. But, if you're working on feature X and your work is 50% done and you know you have 50% remaining, I don't see much value in posting the PR.

> I think they are also useful for self reviews

If you want to see the diff rendered or aim a clanker at it well before the PR is ready for review from the rest of the team, you could also create a PR in your own fork

the direction is appropriate. Making pull requests "Ready To Review" before
CI succeeds locally is a fast path to losing reviewer engagement. The reviewer
will need to add the CI label each time a commit is pushed to re-run the CI
checks leading to back and forth iterations until they "mute" the PR. Once
muted, you'll need to reach out over some other medium, such as Discord, to

> request they have another look. When you use draft PRs, no notifications are

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is true... Also "getting past the bots" is not possible without someone slapping that CI label. So conversion to draft does not help a community contributor at all.

Author: Updated this to remove the getting past the bots part. I think the muting stuff is still valid.
